Person: I am feeling jealous of Manu.


(For any negative iterations all the thoughts, memories, images. Don't force anything)


Rbot: Observe the need in you to compensate for this jealousy by either becoming as good as or better than Manu. Be totally honest with yourself and don't judge yourself for your feelings. Remain a neutral witness to the sensations in your body and thoughts in your mind.


(Positive iterations below)
Rbot:
1. It is completely natural for people to feel jealous from time to time and since I am also a person I don't judge myself for this emotion. I don't fight or resist this emotion. I just let it be and carry on with my life.
2. I let go of the need to compensate for my jealousy and to prove I am as great as or greater than Manu. I know this will give me peace and help me focus on other important aspects of my life instead of indulging in comparison.
3. It is good I am feeling jealous because now I know which aspect of my life to work on and instead of complaining and feeling inferior I decide to focus on self improvement and be my best self. Comparison is just a waste of time, time that can be better utilized in personal growth.
4. Even though I think Manu is better than me in this particular aspect I also know my strengths and how I am unique and special in my own way. Different people have different strengths and I decide to embrace and focus on my strengths instead of worrying about how good I am compared to Manu.
5. I recognize the pride in me and how I might have made other people feel inferior to me sometimes even consciously and deliberately. I decide to put an end to this ego game and appreciate the great qualities in myself and everyone else.
6. God has created all of us in his own image and he has made us all equally perfect in our own way. I trust that God has a reason for Manu being in a more favorable position than me in this and I respect his will and decide to surrender to it. I embrace the perfect creation of God that I am.
7. I really want to evolve spiritually so I take this negative experience and use it as an opportunity to remove all my non-love feelings and focus on becoming whole and loving. I only give room for thoughts that are constructive and beneficial to me and all of humanity.