(Loneliness)




Person: I am feeling lonely. I feel like I am alone in my struggles and nobody sees me. 




(Negative Iteration below)


Rbot: Can you just get into the reality of what you just described and let the thoughts, emotions, memories associated with your feeling of loneliness come up in your mind’s eye?




(Positive Iterations below)




1. I am making peace with my perceived loneliness. I believe this might be the condition of life but there is always hope and I am slowly starting to believe in hope. Till then I will not resist my circumstances and go ahead and work on what really matters to me.
2. I have decided to feel like I belong even though it is slightly hard right now. When I think about my life, I can clearly see that there are people who do care for me and I am gonna focus my attention on what I have and the people I have instead of feeling bad about my problems. 
3. I understand that what I am feeling is not just applicable to me but this is the condition of humanity at large and I decide to really work on building connections with people, see what I have done wrong in the past, change them and make sure I excel in my relationships.
4. I realize I feel alone and rejected and I also realize how I have rejected people in the past. I seek sincere forgiveness to each and every person I remember having rejected and spend enough time releasing my guilt towards each person and I believe this very action will make things better for me. 
5. Now that I think about my situation I realize my reaction is slightly exaggerated, I do have a lot of people who actually care about me and I decide to feel genuine gratitude for all their love and support instead of paying attention and stressing myself over what happened. 
6. As somebody who strongly believes in God I realize that what triggered me now must also be the will of God. I also believe and understand that God really loves me and must definitely have a good reason to make me go through this. I will try to understand the hidden lesson behind this incident and work on my spiritual growth because everything that happens to me is ultimately for my good.
7. I decide to stop focusing on receiving attention and love, instead I start giving everyone as much love and attention as I can. This is because giving love is a much greater feeling than wanting to be loved. I consciously take my time to remember all those times I gave love without expecting anything in return and how beautiful and incredible it was. So now I decide to get myself back into that giving state and experience life with an open heart.